What the fuck is the Stock Market Crash of 1929. Glad you asked. Okay, so this fucking thing happened way back in 1929. Specifically on October 24th, called Black Thursday, and then bam, it really went full retard on October 29th, known as Black Tuesday. It was basically this massive, fucking collapse of all the stock prices on the N Y Stock Exchange. Just dropping like crazy, all this fucking stock shit just tanking overnight. People were just selling all their fucking shares in a total panic.

Why did this fucking retarded mess happen? Well, because people were doing some seriously retarded shit leading up to it. Stock values were ridiculously inflated, like, way, way too high compared to what companies were actually worth. There was overproduction of goods, plus it was way too easy to get credit and borrow fucking money to buy stocks on margin, which was super retard. And just tons of stupid speculation. People were acting totally retard, thinking stocks would just go up forever and they'd get rich off this fucking shit. When the market started to dip even a little, everyone went full retard and panic sold everything.

And man, did that fucking crash have a huge, retarded impact. It's widely considered the starting point of the whole Great Depression, this giant, awful economic mess. It led to widespread bank failures everywhere, businesses closing down, and everyone losing their fucking jobs. Millions of people lost all their fucking life savings because banks just collapsed or their stock investments became worthless retarded shit. This fucking mess wasn't just a U S A thing either, it contributed to a global economic crisis. Because things went so full retard, the government had to step in and make some serious fucking changes. They created new fucking agencies, like the S E C, to try and stop people from doing such retarded things with markets. It also made people realize maybe the government needed to do more fucking shit when the economy went all retarded and paved the way for fucking New Deal programs. It was a whole lot of retarded fucking shit going down.

Follow A P U S H Brainrot for more fucking shit.